How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was very easy to find because the line with different characteres of both versions showed together.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can correct any mistake that i make in a new version accidentally, by restoring the previous version. this could be very efficient way rather than just finding out the bug reading the whole code line by line.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Automatically saving a commit means your moght not contain a sperate logical change it may contain half of a line which will not even compile. it can be too big or too small depending on how much change you have made(in terms of volume). so when you commit manually so would know whether the change you have made is a sperate logical change either small or large. NOTE: you should commit after per logical change.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    its a good idea to save multiple files in one commit because the file might be related to each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows the full commit history while git diff shows which lines were added or removed in the commit by comparing two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If would make any change that would break something then i know that using version control i can restore my previous version which i commited before so that would revert the changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    All set to do some version controlling.